# CSY2030_AS2
Brief: Design, implement and test a stand-alone University Human Resources system using objectoriented principles in Java and accessed using a graphical user interface. Design should include use cases and a class diagram while testing should include black box and white box testing Here are the specific requirements: Assume the new Northampton Metropolitan University would like a system for their human resources department to keep track of lecturing staff who work in various departments through a graphical user interface. 
The system also allows a department secretary to view the details of all the lecturers in his/her department. Human resources staff access the system through a single user name and password. Likewise, department secretaries access the system through a different user name and password which is stored with each department (see below). 
The new Northampton Metropolitan University will be made up departments which, in turn, will be made up of lecturers. The human resources department need to keep track of each department and their associated staff. Each department has a name (e.g Physics, Chemistry etc), type of department (e.g Science, Arts, Engineering etc) and a web address. For each department we also store a user name and password to allow a department secretary to log in to view the lecturers in his/her department. Each department is made up of lecturers. The new University has the following 3 distinct types of lecturers: 
1. Full-time Lecturers – each full-time lecturer has a staff identification number, name, address, phone number, email address, the date they started and their salary 
2. Part-time Lecturers – each full-time lecturer has a staff identification number, name, address, phone number, email address, the date they started and their hourly rate. 
3. Contract Lecturers – each full-time lecturer has a staff identification number, name, address, phone number, email address, the date they started, salary and the date their contract will finish 
Minimum System Requirements (for grades upto D-): The system must, using a GUI, allow human resource staff to do the following: 1. Log onto the system with a user name and password 2. Exit the system 3. Add a new department 4. Change details of a department 5. Delete a department 6. Add a new lecturer of any type (full-time, part-time or contract) and allocate them to a department 7. Change details of a lecturer 8. Delete a lecturer The system must, using a GUI, also allow departmental secretaries to do the following: 9. Log onto the system with a user name and password that is stored with each department 10. Exit the system 11. Show details of the full-time lecturers 12. Show details of all the part-time lecturers 13. Show details of all the contract lecturers 14. Query a specific lecturer’s details including what type of lecturer they are (full-time, part-time or contract) by their staff identification number 15. Show details of all the details of all the lecturers (including their type) in their department 
Additional System Requirements (for grades C to A+): 16. Exit the system and write all objects to file so they can be reloaded when the system is run again 17. An intuitive GUI 18. Appropriate exception handling 19. Use the Model View Controller 20. Use of Collections Note that object serialisation must be used and no marks to be given for use databases and SQL queries.
